add message panel widget (#2442)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/display-section.md

<img src="./assets/display-widgets/EventListHiddenField.png" alt="Example of a EventList widget with hidden involved objects" style="border: 1px solid #D2D5D9">

### MessagePanel

> MessagePanel widgets render an object as a panel with its own title and subtitle and widgets provided in children section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MessagePanel widgets render an object as a panel with its own title and subtitle, and widgets provided in the children section.
```

#### Example

```yaml
- widget: MessagePanel
  source: $

>   title: Seems that you don't have any Kyma Modules Configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: Seems that you don't have any Kyma Modules configured
```

  subtitle: Add at least one Kyma Module. Add your module under "kyma-system -> Kyma"
  children:
    - widget: Wizard
      name: Add Module
      wizard: module-wizard
      visibility: $not($exists($item.spec.modules.channel))
```

<img src="./assets/display-widgets/MessagePanel.png" alt="Example of a message panel widget" style="border: 1px solid #D2D5D9">

#### Widget-specific parameters

> - **title** - an optional string that is rendering title after image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **title** - an optional string that renders a title after an image.
```

> - **subtitle** - an optional string that is rendering subtitle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **subtitle** - an optional string that renders a subtitle.
```
